fix: [MTM-58369] add missing release notes for UI (#1870)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-10-18-497-9-data-picker-closes-only-after-clicking-input-field.md

---
date: 

> title: Improved date picker behavior to close on any click outside the picker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Date picker now closes on any click outside the picker
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-49980
version: 10.18.497.9
---

> Clicks outside of date time picker will close calendar layout.

Reviewer: Please provide more details. Where does this happen? And what was the behavior before the fix?

Author: Device list page when filtering by device registration date, when opening date picker it was not possible to close it clicking anywhere except on input field for which calendar dropdown being displayed.

It affected more places, so it should be sufficient as is.

> Any click outside of date picker will close its calendar dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any click outside of the date picker will now close its calendar dropdown.
```
